you have an appointment with us
i'm just a temp you're a temp
i did some trading with the other temps
and i wrangled your desk
i hope that's okay always nice to have a
pretty girl around the office in there
boys
yes sir does this christmas party get
pretty wild
not usually well that's not fun
[Music]
hey don't
why didn't you call me back today we had
a temper she didn't even number
is she pretty pretty plain
it is such a pleasure to meet you mrs
charles hi
you said she was playing that girl may
be a lot of things but she ain't playing
i wouldn't know i only have eyes for you
a lot of these single gals see the
workplace as their hunting ground
and i think this one has got you
in her crosshairs
i almost went insane today having to
pretend like i was concentrating on work
when all i could think about lisa
there's nothing going on between us
i'm sorry to disturb you i was trying to
reach derek there was a
kind of incident is he all right i think
he should tell you himself
my name is monica reese i'm the
investigating detective what's happening
okay she tried to commit suicide naked
in your bed she'll
make it in your hotel room i need to get
the story in your husband's own words
none of this ever happened so she made
the whole thing up in her head
[Music]
hi i'm sharon's friend kate i have this
present for kyle
you can't be sleeping i won't wake him
somebody was inside the house you better
do something about this woman no i
will you need help i know
help me derek you said you wish we could
be together
don't worry i'll get my revenge i knew
it would come to this
we didn't want you to find out this way
this woman is sick i'm gonna call you
back
i'll show you crazy
[Music]
you